This is subjective, and my point of view, think for yourself so you can better understand your resolve when it comes to what is the point, why should i do it, and what will i be taking and contributing to the people that do the same thing?

Your dollar is a voting tool, you use your dollar to push a product further, giving in the fact that you enjoy that product, you pay for it. When it comes to digital piracy, you're borrowing a piece of software, there is no concept of stealing, stealing is when you take something that doesn't belong to you, as a result, the person doesn't own that thing anymore. When you want to support a game for example, you're supporting it by with your money, its your vote, and your say to the developer that they did a great job, keep up the good work. If the developer did a terrible job, and you don't like it, you still spent money, as a result, indicating to the buyer that his product his good, or worthy enough to get a buy for a crappy job. Its like food, when you go over to a friends house, play a game, you didst pay for it but they did, but you enjoy the game and wanna play it at your home. Its the same thing, if you like the game, you can buy the legit copy to get the completeness of the game, among possibly having multiplayer access, or modding/dlc access. 

This is what is used as a way to promote piracy, even game preservation is a way, but that involves decompiling software, which is out of scope of what im trying to write here. You must understand the legaility of it, like if you wish to share a copy of a game, you must be cautious of how youre doing it, for example, you sharing one copy is fine and safe enough with a vpn and a device thats on to let other people download, you have to understand your threat model, for example, if you want to create a ring (a website) of different copies of software, you need to make sure you dont get caught, because that can get you into legal trouble. So do this with understanding, and understand if you just wanna download games, or support the process of other people downloading, and sharing.

